Structure Section 5.1, explain discard better (#39)
core-wg/href: draft-ietf-core-href.md

The rules `scheme`, `authority`, `path`, `query`, `fragment`
correspond to the (sub-)components of a CRI, as described in
{{constraints}}, with the addition of the `discard` section.

> ### The `discard` Section

Reviewer: I think the bit of information that's still missing here is a concise explanation of *why* discard is needed at all.

Author: Hmm, it says »It then expresses the operations performed on a base CRI by CRI references that
are equivalent to URI references with relative paths and path prefixes such as "/", "./", "../", "../../", etc.«

The `discard` section can be used in a CRI reference when neither a
scheme nor an authority is present.
It then expresses the operations performed on a base CRI by CRI references that
are equivalent to URI references with relative paths and path prefixes such as "/", "./", "../", "../../", etc.

> E.g., a simple URI reference "foo" specifies to remove one leading segment
> from the base URI's path, which is represented in the equivalent CRI
> reference discard section as the value `1`; similarly "../foo", two segments,
> `2`; and "/foo", all segments, represented in the `discard` section as the value `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g., a simple URI reference "foo" can specify to remove one leading segment
from the base URI's path by setting discard to `1` in the equivalent CRI
reference; similarly "../foo", two segments,
`2`; and "/foo", all segments, is represented in the `discard` section as the value `true`.
```

Author: Er, no: the URI reference "foo"  *does* specify to remove one segment.
Sorry for the parameterized semicolon list; please see CMOS what that means :-)

Author: I redundantify-ized the semicolon list.
